ReadMe.md, before:

# Simple ESP32 Rover

TODO: Introduction

## Quick Start

1. **Connect to WiFi**: Find and connect your device to the `AwesomeRobot` WiFi network (no password required).
2. **Open Browser**: Open any website in your browser—you'll be automatically redirected to the robot's control panel.
   - Alternatively, navigate directly to `http://192.168.4.1/` if automatic redirection doesn't work.

## Parts

- ESP32
- DRV8833
- HC-SR04
- LiPo or Li-in battery (eg. 18650)
- Power Bank module

## Pinout

- D - Built-in LED
- D - Right HW-201
- D - Left HW-201
- D - HC-SR04 Echo
- D - HC-SR04 Trigger
- D - DRV8833 IN1
- D - DRV8833 IN2
- D - DRV8833 IN3
- D - DRV8833 IN4

## Running gzip test server

1. `npm install`
2. `npm run gzipStart`

## Wokwi

- Build after every change

## Tasks

- improve sensor UI
- fix enable by default joy center and scroll lock
  - fix: HTML merging removes checked from checkboxs
- add falling warning
- add emergency stop
- On falling, emergency stop
- Refactor main.ino to be simpler - Single responsibility
- add mode switching functionality
- add autopilote mode
- add line following mode
- Add fuctionality to buttons
  - What functions do I need?
- Improve setting and console off canvas design!
- Add dark theme
- Refactor sensor data communication to be consistent and groupped
- Fix GZIP compression
- Joytick not centers if the server is not connected
- JS minify broke JS code

### DONE

- Fix Captive Portal
- Add sensors
- add basic setting and log menu
- on arduino when the server disconnects, the client don't recognise it. - Does not needed. In production it works.
  - Add Heartbeat Mechanism: Implementing a heartbeat mechanism is the best way to deal with WebSocket disconnections. This involves sending a ping request to the server at regular intervals to check if it's healthy. If the server doesn't respond within a certain time frame, the assume that the connection has dropped and call onDisconnect method
- Refactor slider json format. It is a mess.
  - Refactore sliders to work like buttons (make easier to have any number of sliders)
- On the boot the motors move a little. Fix it! - Cant fix it because not enought pins
- Implement motor Smoother/filther/kinematics scroll: Azt szeretném hogy ha gázt adok (pl. setSpeed(127)), fokozatosan gyorsuljon fel a motor, ha pedig elveszem a gázt (setSpeed(0)), fokozatosan lassuljon le. Ehhez több ötletem is volt: lehetne egy logaritmikus vagy exponenciális görbével szülni az inputot vagy valamilyen kinematocs scrolling szerű energia megmaradás vektoros szimulációt végezni. Milyen algoritmussal és hogy lehetne ezt megvalósítani? - Traction control system, Anti-Slip Regulation: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dpBhqo6x7Y>

<https://github.com/rlogiacco/BatterySense>
<https://github.com/ESP32Async/ESPAsyncWebServer>
<https://github.com/TheArduinist/DRV8833>
<https://parvaiz.pk/posts/virtual-joystick-for-arduino/>
<https://github.com/parvaizahmad/virtualJoystickESP>

<https://lastminuteengineers.com/wemos-d1-mini-pinout-reference/>
<https://lastminuteengineers.com/arduino-sr04-ultrasonic-sensor-tutorial/>
<https://bitbucket.org/teckel12/arduino-new-ping/wiki/Home>

Commit message:

use progmem for loading the website instead of LittleFS

ReadMe.md, after:

# Simple ESP32 Rover

TODO: Introduction

## Quick Start

1. **Connect to WiFi**: Find and connect your device to the `AwesomeRobot` WiFi network (no password required).
2. **Open Browser**: Open any website in your browser—you'll be automatically redirected to the robot's control panel.
   - Alternatively, navigate directly to `http://192.168.4.1/` if automatic redirection doesn't work.

## Parts

- ESP32
- DRV8833
- HC-SR04
- LiPo or Li-in battery (eg. 18650)
- Power Bank module

## Pinout

- D - Built-in LED
- D - Right HW-201
- D - Left HW-201
- D - HC-SR04 Echo
- D - HC-SR04 Trigger
- D - DRV8833 IN1
- D - DRV8833 IN2
- D - DRV8833 IN3
- D - DRV8833 IN4

## Running gzip test server

1. `npm install`
2. `npm run gzipStart`

## Wokwi

- Build after every change

## Tasks

Required:

- Load the website from program memory instead of SPIFFS
- fix enable by default joy center and scroll lock
  - fix: HTML merging removes checked from checkboxs

Optional:

- Fix Captive portal redirection to the control panel
- improve sensor UI
- add falling warning
- add emergency stop
- On falling, emergency stop
- Refactor main.ino to be simpler - Single responsibility
- add mode switching functionality
- add autopilote mode
- add line following mode
- Add fuctionality to buttons
  - What functions do I need?
- Improve setting and console off canvas design!
- Add dark theme
- Refactor sensor data communication to be consistent and groupped
- Fix GZIP compression
- Joytick not centers if the server is not connected
- JS minify broke JS code

### DONE

- Fix Captive Portal
- Add sensors
- add basic setting and log menu
- on arduino when the server disconnects, the client don't recognise it. - Does not needed. In production it works.
  - Add Heartbeat Mechanism: Implementing a heartbeat mechanism is the best way to deal with WebSocket disconnections. This involves sending a ping request to the server at regular intervals to check if it's healthy. If the server doesn't respond within a certain time frame, the assume that the connection has dropped and call onDisconnect method
- Refactor slider json format. It is a mess.
  - Refactore sliders to work like buttons (make easier to have any number of sliders)
- On the boot the motors move a little. Fix it! - Cant fix it because not enought pins
- Implement motor Smoother/filther/kinematics scroll: Azt szeretném hogy ha gázt adok (pl. setSpeed(127)), fokozatosan gyorsuljon fel a motor, ha pedig elveszem a gázt (setSpeed(0)), fokozatosan lassuljon le. Ehhez több ötletem is volt: lehetne egy logaritmikus vagy exponenciális görbével szülni az inputot vagy valamilyen kinematocs scrolling szerű energia megmaradás vektoros szimulációt végezni. Milyen algoritmussal és hogy lehetne ezt megvalósítani? - Traction control system, Anti-Slip Regulation: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dpBhqo6x7Y>

<https://github.com/rlogiacco/BatterySense>
<https://github.com/ESP32Async/ESPAsyncWebServer>
<https://github.com/TheArduinist/DRV8833>
<https://parvaiz.pk/posts/virtual-joystick-for-arduino/>
<https://github.com/parvaizahmad/virtualJoystickESP>

<https://lastminuteengineers.com/wemos-d1-mini-pinout-reference/>
<https://lastminuteengineers.com/arduino-sr04-ultrasonic-sensor-tutorial/>
<https://bitbucket.org/teckel12/arduino-new-ping/wiki/Home>
