lib/LedBlinker/README.md, before:

# KeywordsTxtGenerator: generate `keywords.txt` for Arduino projects

This simple tool automatically generates an Arduino project
[keywords.txt](https://spencer.bliven.us/index.php/2012/01/18/arduino-ide-keywords/)
from the corresponding project sources. For this, it uses [Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.org) and XSLT (version 1.0).

The main component of the current "project" is the XSLT transformation `doxygen2keywords.xsl`,
which transforms a Doxygen xml file to the `keywords.txt` file. The enclosed Doxygen minimalist configuration file `keywords_txt_generator.doxy`
can be used. But it can also be generated by most Doxygen configuration, just be sure to define `GENERATE_XML = YES` therein.

For convenience, a Makefile is also supplied. There are two way to use this:

1. Either unpack all files in the Arduino project directory, and just type `make` there.
2. Unpack anywhere, and type `make `_Arduino-project-dir_`/keywords.txt`,
(where _Arduino-project-dir_ denotes the Arduino project).

This project is in the public domain.

Commit message:

led blinker library serial logging

lib/LedBlinker/README.md, after:

# LedBlinker

Add `#define DEBUG` before importing the library to enable debug Serial messages

# KeywordsTxtGenerator: generate `keywords.txt` for Arduino projects

This simple tool automatically generates an Arduino project
[keywords.txt](https://spencer.bliven.us/index.php/2012/01/18/arduino-ide-keywords/)
from the corresponding project sources. For this, it uses [Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.org) and XSLT (version 1.0).

The main component of the current "project" is the XSLT transformation `doxygen2keywords.xsl`,
which transforms a Doxygen xml file to the `keywords.txt` file. The enclosed Doxygen minimalist configuration file `keywords_txt_generator.doxy`
can be used. But it can also be generated by most Doxygen configuration, just be sure to define `GENERATE_XML = YES` therein.

For convenience, a Makefile is also supplied. There are two way to use this:

1. Either unpack all files in the Arduino project directory, and just type `make` there.
2. Unpack anywhere, and type `make `_Arduino-project-dir_`/keywords.txt`,
(where _Arduino-project-dir_ denotes the Arduino project).

This project is in the public domain.
